(HESTIA coming to)
[BELL] Goddess? Are you awake?
Oh?
[HESTIA] Bell...?
So how are you feeling?
Are you in any pain?
[HESTIA] No...
I don't think that I'm hurt.
But I still feel
a bit lightheaded.
(BELL concern)
I think you've still
have a fever.
[BELL] Have some water.
Um... Hey Bell...
where are we?
A village in the
mountains. And this is
the home of their chief.
[BELL] Miss Ais came to
our rescue after we got
washed down the river.
(HESTIA gulping)
[HESTIA] (refreshing gasp) So,
where's Wallen‐whats‐her‐name?
Scoping out the area
around the village.
She thinks Master Ares
and his men might still
be close by.
(sigh) I'm so sorry Bell...
It's all my fault that
everyone got dragged into
this...
(door knock)
[BELL] Come in!
[HESTIA] (notice) Huh?
[KAAM] Please pardon the
interruption, my friend.
How is she faring?
Oh, Mr. Kaam!
Hestia woke up
just a minute ago.
(relieved)
I'm delighted to hear that.
(KAAM gasp)
I appreciate your help...
I'm truly grateful.
It was...
no trouble.
Oh?
I don't mean to be a bother,
but I'd like to rest
here a while longer.
[HESTIA] ...if that's okay.
Of course it's fine...
Please do not hesitate to make
yourself at home, Goddess.
My daughter Rina here.. will be
more than happy to assist you
should you need anything.
(RINA warm smile)
[HESTIA] Thank you so much.
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[BELL] Welcome back!
[AIS] How is Lady Hestia?
[BELL] She was awake for a
while, but she fell back asleep.
[BELL] So... How'd it go?
[AIS] There was no sign of the
Rakian soldiers or Miss Asfi...
[AIS] I was only able to
find traces of a battle.
Do you think they retreated?
I don't know...
But I do think it would be wise
to lay low for the time being.
Uh...we should stay here
then... for a bit longer!
(BELL embarrassed)
[AIS] Right...
(KAAM serious)
(strain)
(coughing)
[RINA] Father. Are you okay?
(KAAM wheezing)
Thank you, I'm alright.
(RINA worried)
[KAAM] I am quite fortunate
to have such a thoughtful
daughter looking after me.
Now... don't worry;
go get some rest.
Tomorrow you will have a very
full day... with the goddess.
(sniffling) Okay...
[RINA] Good night, father.
Sleep well.
(KAAM serious)
(CHILDREN playing/laughter)
(HESTIA "ahh" Chomp) (munching)
[HESTIA] (satisfied) I'm sorry
you have to do this for me Bell.
You know there's no
need to apologize.
This place is pretty
nice, isn't it?
Yeah. The villagers are so
friendly and welcoming.
(BELL & HESTIA notice)
(CHILDREN snickers)
(BELL & HESTIA amused giggle)
Would you care
for some tea?
Thank you very much.
[RINA] We're holding a festival
this evening to pray for a
bountiful harvest.
[RINA] Everyone's eager to get
things ready now that the rain's
let up.
Sounds fun...
Oh, thank you!
Hey Bell.. I bet they could
use another hand with the
preparations.
But your condition...
Shouldn't I stay here?
They've taken such
good care of us.
If we didn't repay them...
it would bring shame on
our Familia.
I'm counting on you.
[BELL] If you insist.
I'll be back later!
(BELL notice)
[AIS] Morning.
[BELL] G‐good morning!
So what do you think?
Everyone said it suits me,
but I'm not real sure.
U‐uh, no! It looks
great on you.
(small smile) Are you
headed somewhere?
[BELL] I'm on my way to lend
a hand for the festival.
[AIS] Festival...?
I feel bad makin' a guest
help out like this.
It's fine! We're
incredibly grateful.
[VILLAGER A] (sigh)
Look at her...
She's every man's dream!
Are all the girls in
Orario that gorgeous?
Oh... um... we
have some variety.
[VILLAGER A] There.
That'll do it...
I'll come get you
if we happen to need
anything else.
Sure! Just let me know.
(BELL notice)
[BELL] What is this...?
[VILLAGER B] It's a scale that
once belonged to the mighty
Black Dragon.
"Black Dragon"...?
[HERMES] It isn't a fairy tale.
The Black Dragon is lurking
somewhere and is a real threat.
[HERMES] The Three Great Quests
have yet to be completed...
It's a scale from the
Black Dragon...?
That's right.
A long time ago when
the Black Dragon was
driven out of Orario
by the legendary hero,
a few damaged scales
fell to our village
as it fled north.
[VILLAGER B] There are both big
and little ones.. We have around
ten in total.
[VILLAGER A] And it's all
thanks to these scales
that we have protection.
With these, monsters really
keep their distance.
What do you mean by that?
Being that they
are the scales
of the mighty
Black Dragon...
Ordinary monsters won't
come anywhere near them.
They let us live in peace
as long as we show gratitude.
It's just our way.
[VILLAGER A] I know, worshiping
a monster seems pretty weird.
But hey, it works.
[VILLAGER B] You see, we
can't really rely on the
gods or the adventurers.
We have no one out
there to protect us.
We put our faith
in these scales.
[BELL, internal] The one‐eyed
dragon of legend...
The dragon that has the
potential to destroy the
world... protects them?
You know, if somethin'
ever happened to the
mighty Black Dragon...
I have no idea what we would do.
It is why we must
pay our respects.
(BELL notice)
[BELL] Miss Ais...?
[BELL] I guess they think
it's sort of a god.
[AIS] That thing is not a god.
[BELL] Huh? (concerned)
Let's go.
O‐kay!
(KAAM soft sigh)
(HESTIA sleeping)
(door knocking)
[BELL] Goddess,
I'm back from the‐
[BELL] Uh? Huh... Mr. Kaam?
Is there something the matter?
[KAAM] Oh... Mr. Bell....
What... great timing...
Could you spare an old
man a moment of your time?
[KAAM] Let me ask you.
Would you say you
love your goddess
from the very bottom
of your heart?
Yes, of course.
She's the one who took
me in when I had nowhere
else to go.
(KAAM pleased)
Mr. Bell...
Take a look at this emblem,
are you familiar
with this symbol?
I think... it's an emblem
for one of the Familias,
is that correct?
Yes... A very long time ago.
I was once a member of
a goddess's Familia.
(BELL intrigued)
[KAAM] I loved her dearly and
was blessed because she returned
the very same sentiment.
She was everything. We vowed
our love to one another.
[KAAM] However in the end,
I wasn't able to protect her.
[BELL] Huh?
(KAAM sigh)
(BIPEDAL DRAGONS roaring)
(roar)
(YOUNG KAAM brace)
(BIPEDAL DRAGON roar)
(YOUNG KAAM screaming)
[KAAM] I was spared. I
managed to escape with my
life... while she was sent
back to Heaven... forever.
[KAAM] Many times, I considered
following after her...
[KAAM] But I couldn't squander
the life for which she had
sacrificed her own...
I came to this village
and have been here since...
I never... could bring
myself to take a wife
of my own after that.
But... what
about Rina?
She's adopted.
All of the children
with no living relatives
have been put in my charge.
Rina's a sweet girl...
she takes care of me now.
However...
(BELL concerned)
(KAAM coughing)
Mr. Kaam! Are you
feeling okay?!
Should I get Miss Rina?!
There's no need to...
be concerned...
I know this frail body of
mine... better than any...
better than any.
[KAAM] Mr. Bell...
Take care of her...
[KAAM] Please be sure to
cherish your goddess...
(KAAM coughing)
Mr. Kaam...
[KAAM] Remember
what I've told you,
if only as the foolish
words of a dying man.
[KAAM] But please...
[KAAM] You mustn't end up
with the same regrets...
as I carry.
(HESTIA stretching)
That's good; I don't
feel dizzy anymore.
Although Bell has been pretty
sweet to me this whole time.
Maybe I'll play sick
a little longer...
(door knock)
[HESTIA] Huh?
(weakly) C‐come in...
[AIS] Hestia.
Wallen‐whatser‐nuisance?!
(HESTIA annoyed)
What do you want?
[AIS] I brought you
something to eat.
[HESTIA] Why? Where's Bell?
He told me he needed to speak
with the village chief.
(HESTIA begrudging)
Oh yeah... uh...
I guess I never actually
properly thanked you for
saving us.
So thanks a lot for what
you did back there.
It's fine.
Ahem! So...
By the way.
What exactly are your
feelings on my precious
Bell then?
[AIS] My feelings?
Oh, come on, you know!
What sort of impression do
you get when you look at him?
(AIS thinking)
(HESTIA anticipation)
Oh!
A rabbit...?
(surprised) (happy)
[HESTIA] I had faith in
you this whole time!
(AIS confused)
Just make sure you don't get
too friendly with him, okay?
Rabbits can get carried
away pretty easily, you
know! (giggle)
[AIS] I think I... understand?
(HESTIA sing‐songy giggling)
(festival times)
(BELL & HESTIA excited)
[HESTIA] Don't you
just love festivals?
Goddess, I take it you're
feeling better now?
I'm feeling much better!
Besides, today's
your big festival.
I'm rested and ready
for a good time!
(CROWD cheering)
(HESTIA giggle)
Alright! Now that our
special guest is here...
let's start the harvest dance!
(CROWD woo‐hoo!)
[HESTIA] So, what
is a harvest dance?
Well I... I wouldn't
exactly call it a
tradition..
But when a single fella
invites a lady to dance,
it's like admitting his
feelings.
[VILLAGER B] And! If the
young lady accepts, they
become a couple!
Yeah? A couple, you say?
We would be honored if
you were to join the
festivities with us!
Wait, what? You mean me?
Oh, good idea! If we have
a goddess dancing with us,
we'll have a bountiful
harvest for sure!
[VILLAGERS] Come and join us!
[VILLAGERS] Yes! Come and dance!
(VILLAGERS] Join the party!
I shouldn't.
Okay, okay. Fine, I'll dance.
Is she a Goddess
of the Harvest?
I don't think so.
I'm pretty sure she's
more like a...
[HESTIA] Well, Bell...
[BELL] Hmm?
It looks like it's
my time to shine!
I'm going to go and perform my
divine duties as a goddess!
And just so you know...
If you asked me to dance...
I'd consider forgetting
about your little incident
the other day.
[BELL] What incident?
You know. Like, when I
ran from the mansion
calling you a big jerk...
That whole thing!
[HESTIA] So, Bell..
hypothetically..
Let's say there's this beautiful
goddess, and one day she admits
her feelings for you...
[HESTIA] How would you reply?
(BELL surprised)
[KAAM] Mr. Bell...
Take care of her...
[KAAM] Please be sure to
cherish your goddess...
(BELL serious)
[BELL] Alright,
Goddess. Let's dance.
Only if you're willing to
do it the right way, Bell!
And I know you're capable
because I saw you with
Wallen‐whatser‐sleezy
here at Apollo's banquet!
[BELL] Eek!
[AIS] Hm?
[VILLAGER A] C'mon, bud!
You gotta get out
there and dance!
[VILLAGER B] You
can do it. Go! Go!
(BELL consider)
Will... will you please have
this dance with me... Goddess?
[HESTIA] (giggle) Sure.
[BELL, internal] It goes without
saying that I adore my goddess.
She's the most important
person in my life.
(CROWD cheering)
[BELL, internal] But...
(BELL smile)
[BELL, internal] How much
longer will she and I get
to be together...?
...don't be afraid.
[KAAM] You mustn't end up with
the same regrets as I carry.
(RINA panting)
(BELL notice)
[VILLAGER A] Rina?!
What's wrong?!
The chief...
My father...!
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] Mr. Kaam...
[RINA] Father.. I've brought her
here.
[KAAM] Ahh, Goddess Hestia...
Thank you for coming to see me,
one last time.
[HESTIA] Don't be silly, Kaam.
[HESTIA] You opened your
home to us. It's the very
least I can do.
(KAAM happy but weak)
When I first laid these tired
eyes on you... you reminded me
of my dear Lady Brigid.
Did you just say "Brigid"?
The goddess with blonde
hair and dark red eyes?
You mean that Brigid?
You know... of Lady Brigid?
Of course! Brigid was
one of my best friends!
We hung out all the
time back in Heaven...
We fought a lot, too.
I'm happy... to hear that.
[KAAM] She was a gentle soul.
She got along with everyone
she met, and yet she fell
in love with a man like me.
Are you serious?! Oh
Kaam, please don't
let her fool you!
Brigid was a feisty one!
She would always tease
me and call me names
every time she was on the
losing side of an argument.
I bet she was just
trying to make herself
look good in front of you!
(KAAM weak laugh)
Is that... how it was?
I suppose... I never
saw that side.
(RINA holding back sobs)
[KAAM] Goddess,
please tell me...
When I make my journey to
Heaven... will I get to...
see her again?
[HESTIA] I'm sure she'll
manage to track you down.
She's stubborn like that.
[KAAM] Honestly... I fear
that... I won't see her...
ever again... I'm afraid.
(CROWD crying)
[KAAM] Lady Brigid,
please forgive me...
[KAAM] I wasn't able
to protect you...
I'm sorry...
[HESTIA] Thank you... Kaam...
Thank you for loving
me so deeply.
[BRIGID] I will always love
you... now and forever.
[KAAM] My love... my love...
My Lady Brigid! Me, too... I
love you... now and.. for...
(dying breath)
(CROWD sobbing)
(BELL choked up)
(cry)
(CROWD crying)
[HESTIA] Oh, there you are.
[BELL] Hey Goddess...
Do you think that...
Mr. Kaam's back
with Lady Brigid?
[HESTIA] Honestly,
it'd be difficult...
When souls journey back to
Heaven.. they return to a
blank canvas state.
They forget pretty much
everything... and then they're
born again in the lower world.
(BELL sigh)
[HESTIA] It'd be less
painful for us gods
and you children if we didn't
swear our love to one another...
Isn't that what
you're wondering?
[BELL] We humans pass on
before you, sooner or later...
[HESTIA] Bell... You know
the pain of being left
behind, don't you?
[BELL] Back when
my grandpa died...
it felt like no amount of tears
could ever ease the sadness.
One day my life will end...
And on that day, I'll be forced
to forget everything...
[BELL] But gods,
they live on forever.
I can't imagine bearing
that pain for eternity...
You'll drive yourself mad if
you think about it too much...
I believe that we
should just... (sigh)
[HESTIA] Listen, Bell.
Us gods and you
children might not
always get to live in
this world at the same time.
[HESTIA] But... I promise
I will always be by your side.
(BELL gasp)
[HESTIA] No matter
how old you get.
Even as an old man,
I'll always be with you.
[HESTIA] I'm never
going to let you go!
Goddess... Hestia..
And don't you worry.
Even if we were
separated by the grave,
I know for a fact we
would find one another.
Cause y'know what... it
could take hundreds.. or
tens of thousands of years.
I know I will find you again...
Even if you're reborn as someone
totally different.
(BELL choked up)
And then I'll ask you..
"Won't you join me... and be
a part of my Familia, please?"
(BELL touched) (crying)
It doesn't matter whether it's
the Lower World or Heaven...
It'll be just like
with Brigid and Mr. Kaam.
I will always find a
way to meet you again.
So don't worry, Bell...
Living forever will leave me
with a lot of time on my hands.
[HESTIA] So, please...
Don't be afraid. Don't
be afraid of loving us.
[BELL] Goddess...
[BELL] I want to...
I... I want to... stay
with you... forever okay.
[HESTIA] We'll always be
together, Bell... Promise.
[HESTIA] Well then! Shall we?
[BELL] Yeah!
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] This was
such a nice place...
I hope we can visit
again sometime.
If you go,
I'll come with you.
[BELL] Wha‐ Are you sure?
(HESTIA anger)
Of course.
What are the two of
you making plans for?!
You have your own Familia!
Go with them Wallen‐whatser
hoozit! (annoyed)
Please, it's fine.
Calm down, Goddess.
(pouting) Shut up! This
is between us women!
(BELL defeated)
[HESTIA] Are you even listening,
Wallen‐always‐in‐the‐way.
[BELL] Goddess...
[HESTIA] Hello?
(confused gasp)
[WIENE] What is... where, am I?